I'm very well. How are you?
You're doing very well in warm and, summer weather.
You have minus
19. So
no. No. It's it's cold cold. And there was one or two days of, you know, warmer weather
with snow, like, minus four,
and now we
we're back to minus 20 almost.
So,
Yeah.
Exactly.
Exactly. Now, you know, we enjoy beautiful sunny weather with just, clean sky,
but,
we pay for it.
We pay for
nothing.
You know, no no free lunches.
So,
yeah, weekend was okay. Actually
actually actually, we we enjoy we enjoyed nice weather. So we we went to the lake nearby Warsaw,
which is so so it's fully frozen and a lot of ice activities were made there.
So we've
we've we've been watching actually, not participating, but that that there were, you know, people doing kite surfing on skis and on
snowboards.
This is fascinating. This is really, you know, something because
because
this
yeah.
I mean, it's I I can't say it's popular because,
there were, like, maybe few, guys doing this.
And, actually, this year, it's perfect weather to doing, such such type of activity. And this this is actually additional to to, you know, regular skiing or regular
regular kite surfing. But
but
but why not? I mean, it's
really you know, they they're going really fast because because the like, yesterday, there was almost no wind.
And there and but but they they they were, speeding like like her.
They
they you
know?
Yeah.
I
mean,
there was only little there was only little wind, and and,
you know, that they they use it because because if you if you're moving on the snow on on the skis,
the is it torsion? Is it, you know, what what stops you on on the ground?
Friction. Friction
is very low
because
they slide they slide almost without any, you know, without, losing any any power. So
so
they they speeding up very fast,
and and this is great. I mean, the the it looks like very easy, but
it is not
easy at all.
Yeah. Yeah.
It is on on the frozen lake on on the snow. And the difference is that if if you're doing cat surfing just regular on water,
you're losing a lot of power because
water is is not sliding. And
it it water is stops you all the
time, and you have to generate, like, negative power on on the on the water
to to balance the the power on on in the kite.
Right?
So
so so we're losing a lot of power
doing this. If you have ski, you have you have the edge of the ski,
and it is very little. So
you
you you you're losing
