You know? I mean, if if you look compare compare kite surfing to windsurfing, for example.
Right?
Just
regular.
Yeah. You have you have you have some sale, but it is very very low
just
under the water. Right?
And compared to kite surfing, you have very, very high
parachute over over, like, maybe 20 meters over yourself. So you're getting better better wind with with more stable and with with more power. So
so
this is
exactly the same difference. Here,
you you're taking the the wind, which is only just ground wind. Right? And
ground wind is always unstable. It's it's difficult because
because it's hit you know, sometimes it hits to the ground and then you have some it's spreading over and, you know, this is sometimes difficult to to get it. You
know, I'm doing windsurfing
and not kite surfing.
And, actually,
yeah. And and, you know, this this is very I mean, like, you you can learn kite surfing relatively easy and quickly.
But if if you're trying to to learn windsurfing, it takes hours and hours and, you know,
training by training,
and this is so
very,
very
difficult.
Maybe
not
as dangerous because you're falling down to the water.
And this is not as bad, but but,
actually,
actually,
this
is very
tiring.
But but it is very tiring because you have to go back to to the board and, you know,
start
again.
This this is this is actually
actually
I mean,
on kite surfing or
on cars
or kite surfing.
I I don't I I I don't know. I I
I never practiced kite surfing. But there are
some there are some methods which which allow you to to to put
it back
to the
to the
pick it up. Right?
Because because you you you you can actually, no. I'm wrong because I tried. Just I I had the training with with a very small parachute, and so I tried how to maneuver with with
the parachute. So so there are some methods, and this is not as bad. And this is relatively easy to to learn how to do it.
So
so but but if you have windsurfing and you are on the boat and you fall down,
then you have to start again. And then,
you know, if there is no wind or not enough wind, this is really something because because
it
is
not so easy
to climb back to the on the board and just, you know,
pull the
the sail
back to to to to to put it up.
And, you know, the the there is of course, there is just profit method,
which actually I'm I'm on this level,
you
know, to start the the which which is called water start.
So so then then you are just lying in the water,
having your legs on the ball on
the board,
and you you pulling up a little bit the sail,
and the wind is is taking you back to the to the to the boat. And this is pretty cool. This is this is so this is so good experience because
because you are you're feeling, like, you know, super light. You
you know, the the the wind is doing the whole job.
Actually, we have very good spot in Poland,
which is one of the best,
except that it is pretty cold.
Sometimes.
So
so
