We we we the the it it is called hell. It
it's hell
is
not
exactly
hell.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
This
is
like
the
the the the Spanish is something like 40 kilometers long.
And, you know, and it stops the the the the Baltic Sea wind.
And on other side of the peninsula, you have
very nice bay, the big
one.
And
and what what is important for good spot? First of all, stable way stable wind, which
is which is benefit of stable and, you know, which is not direct wind from the sea. Because because if you have no direct wind from the sea, you have flat water.
No
waves. And
this is important because if you have waves, it is very difficult to to do windsurfing because because it's it's shaky. It's it's too
it's
very difficult. And second second thing is that, you know, if if if the dip of of the water is not too high,
it's like, you know, the ideal dip of the water is one one point five meter. It's
ideal.
Because then, eventually, if you fall down, eventually, you can stand on the on the sand and, you know, it's much easier to maneuver and start over, etcetera. So we we have this spot, and this
is great.
But,
actually, I'm a little bit too, let's say, comfortable.
And I'm I'm
rather going to Greece, and
there there is a there is there there is a Rhodos Island,
and they they have Prasunisi Peninsula on the very, you know, far away just the the far end of of of of the island. Right?
And they have very great they have very great spot because
Peninsula is is like dividing spot for two parts. One
part is is the wave
where you have direct wind from the from the Mediterranean Sea.
And and this is very wave and so so people mostly for kite surfing
have a fun to to to to to to do do it on waves, which is you can jump, you can you can, you know, play, etcetera.
And
the other part
of of this spot is flat flat sea, flat flat water.
So you can speed up, and you can you can easily do windsurfing.
So
and and wind, they they they have also I mean, one part of the wind is is the, you know, Mediterranean Sea wind,
but also they they have f tert tertomic effect
because the the the bay the bay is surrounded by by some hills, which when which which are getting heat, you know,
sun heat, and it it makes it, like, you know, terming terming terming
terming
terming wind. Right?
Because because if it is warmer than than the sea,
so you have, like, move of of the air.
So
this is perfect spot,
and I I I going the actually, I was. But the we we we've been there almost twice a year or something like this. So so we we we know this spot very well. I I I've been doing windsurfing with my wife. So so this
was this is a great place.
And, this is Polish place because, you know, the whole spot is run by Polish, you know, windsurfing basis.
So
Polish
people
Polish people are only, you know, on this on this
part.
No.
No. It's it's almost it's almost four hours. No. It's
maybe three hours, something
like this. So
it's
it's
pretty far.
Not not too
