Oh,
yeah.
Oh.
Actually actually, for kite surfing, we probably have every year two or three accidents in Hal Peninsula as well. Even there are no hotels, if you if if you get a wave
wolf, Is it wolf?
Wolf.
Wolf.
If you get a wolf and
you you you're losing control over the parachute, you are just and you hit the ground.
You you you you are taken from the water and you hit the ground. It
it it may be very dangerous. And,
actually, think that some one or two guys were killed
because of the accident
on
on a. So
so, actually, yeah, I I you know, I believe that kite surfing is really nice sport. But I, you know, I I prefer windsurfing because I I believe that maybe I have more control over this.
It is, you
know, it is more difficult, and this is you know, there there is a lot of instability in the in the whole set. So
you have all board, you have control sail, you
can control body, every every inch of your, you know, every movement on the board of every inch of difference in in your in your
position matters. Right?
In in the kite surfing, it it is it is it is more stable, and it is not as much, like, touchy. Is it touchy? Or it is not as much, you know, it is not as important, you know, whether you're doing it perfectly.
Forgiving. It's it's more forgiving. Right? It's
it's
more forgiving.
Right?
Yeah. So so so it is easier to start,
but but it is also much easier to lose control over
it.
And
this is this is this is but, of course, you know, we should not exaggerate because
because these accidents are not every day. I mean,
it's it's
happened
especially
if
yeah.
It it it happens, but but especially if someone overestimate its ability. Right?
So so because there are some techniques that if you if you feel unstable, if you
feel in danger, you can kill the power. And if if you if you try if you're well trained and if you if you know these techniques, it's pretty safe because because, you know, the the cats maybe you saw that the kite is connected with yourself with with something we call trappers. Is
that I'm not whether this is also English,
but
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. And also and also you have you have in your head, you have the bar
steering
bar. Right?
Yeah. But but the steering bar has has a kind of
