Hi.
Okay.
No.
No problem.
How are you?
Good.
I'm good.
I was listening to about English after our class, so I wanted to prepare some of it.
Yeah.
Great.
Today I was learning a lot.
I was learning Spanish because, as I told you, I didn't know if I told you, but I learn Spanish.
I learn Italy.
So I try to learn it.
So I was studying a lot.
Then I was listening an English podcast to have my ability, let's say, the best.
And now I would like to start, to practice it, to practice to speak.
So it's I wish it's it were good.
Mhmm.
Because you know, it was my first time when I had to tell you these things, and I didn't prepare it, but
cons
but I didn't want to prepare it.
So I started and I was thinking when I was speaking.
You know?
So it was not
I know that it was not perfect, but I tried to tell you something.
So you know?
think I think it's I think it wouldn't be okay if I had read, for example, after telling you.
So I tried I decided to don't prepare it to didn't prepare it.
So I was saying what I was what I had in my mind only.
I try you know,
I think that I'm confident when I try to speak.
I know that I don't already, I don't know anything.
I I'm lack of a lot of things, but I try to speak.
I understand.
So I don't know if I understand you.
You want to say that it's, for me now, most important to speak, for example, slowly, but to but don't speak fast, for example, to communicate good.
So when I'm thinking, I could couldn't I couldn't speak, but I could think, but think in my mind, yeah, without for example, now I want to tell you something.
I don't know what I tell you, and I I'm thinking.
I
So
so I should do what I've done, but more slowly but about this topic about football, about what you answered me.
Could you repeat?
Because ah, Today, it's 01:00 in Poland.
Right now, it's 01:00 in Poland.
Today, it's 1 in Poland.
So I
I was I saw it.
I hacked it.
Today, right now, is 01:00.
I try.
I try to do it without any thinking.
Without I'm thinking but I try to
I try to think without pause or without stop.
You know, you I am I have ate lunch.
I ate lunch when I was okay.
Right now.
I ate lunch.
I ate
but I don't know.
I don't remember what I ate.
I ate x.
I ate x on the lunch On a lunch.
Today, I ate x for lunch.
I have to, you know, I have to convince myself because I've never done it.
I've never done it this mode, you know, and I need time, but I think it's good.
Because it's it sounds more better.
Better.
More coffee.
Yes.
I okay.
I ate eggs on lunch today.
Didn't watch any sports, but I was listening at morning about football, about languages.
So I didn't watch any match, but I was in contact with football, let's say.
It was delicious.
I like it.
Often, I try to eat healthy, so I liked it.
I think I'm really like eating healthy because I think it's important for my health.
And if I have opportunity to eat healthy, I try to do it for myself.
It is not what I try to do daily, but 4 times a week, I try to eat
Yeah. 4 times a week.
4 times a week.
I like changing my diet.
I like changing what I eat, so I don't imagine eating daily only x, for example.
I think I understood.
We will see, but I think I understood.
1 moment
Oh, okay.
No. Could you repeat?
Because I didn't understand because I didn't have the good.
So my name is Damian.
Not my name is Damian.
My name is okay.
name is my name is Damian.
I prefer coffee.
I like the most coffee.
I like coffee the most of drinks.
So for the rest of the day, I will have many plans.
First of all, I will plan to go outside to buy something in the shop and then I will rest.
I will rest because I need rest because I've worked.
I worked a lot, and I need rest.
I prefer to walk during the day because I like walking when there are many people when I pre I prefer do it when it's bright.
Bright?
I don't know.
But So do you like teaching
Teach.
Do you like teaching languages?
Languages.
Do you know what do you know about languages?
Not that.
What languages do you know?
What or no?
Ah.
Much?
How much lang how much languages do you want?
How many?
As if it were your native languages.
Oh, it's your native languages.
Do you like watching football, or do you like any other sports?
I understood.
Ah, okay.
So more gaming, more playing on computer, let's say, than watching.
Than watching.
And I have to repeat.
I have repeat.
So what do you eat today?
I ate eggs and drank coffee.
I didn't eat I ate only eggs, so I didn't eat anymore.
So we'll see what will remember.
we I know.
I know.
Today, I ate eggs and drank coffee.
Today, I ate eggs and took coffee.
Took it took A cup of coffee.
And I don't remember them what's what you thought.
Today, I took, eggs and, a cup of coffee.
Today, I ate 2 bald eggs and a cup of coffee.
Today, I ate 2 bald eggs and a cup of hot coffee.
Today, I ate 2 bold eggs and a cup of hot or on black coffee.
Today, I ate 2 eggs and a cup of coffee.
Today, I ate 2 bold eggs and a cup of coffee.
Today, I ate 2 bold eggs and a cup of black hot coffee.
Today, I ate 2 x and a cup of coffee.
Today, I ate 2 x and a cup of hot coffee.
Today, I ate 2 eggs and a cup of hot coffee.
Today, I ate 2 eggs and a cup of black hot coffee.
so I Today, I ate 2 eggs and coffee.
Today, I had, 2 eggs and a cup of coffee.
Today, I had 2 egg And a cup of coffee.
Today, I ate 2 bold eggs and a cup of hot coffee.
Today, I ate 2 bold eggs and a cup of hot black coffee or Black.
Black hot coffee.
Today, what have I do yet For lunch, I had, 2 Boldt eggs and, a cup of hot coffee.
Today, I had 2 eggs and a cup of black hot coffee.
Today, I had 2 bold eggs and a cup of hot coffee.
Today, I had 2 bold eggs and a cup of coffee without sugar.
Today, I had 2 bold eggs and a cup of coffee, no sugar.
Today, I have today I had 2 bold eggs, a cup of coffee, no sugar.
So I think I've learned about breakfast about what I ate, what I could tell you, and I like it because I think it's important to keep speaking, to keep having vocabulary a vocab the new vocabulary.
So I like it, and I feel good.
so I liked our class.
I liked that we were able to communicate.
So I hope we will communicate ourselves in future.
So I hope I'm looking I will looking forward to have a class or to have lessons in future.
So I like it.
It
it don't have to be faster, I think I've learned a lot because for me, it's important to keep speaking, to keep learning.
So I liked it, and I wish I learned a lot.
And know
and I know that now I don't understand all what you are doing, for example, but I know that in future, it will be possible because if we learning, if we're trying, it's possible to communicate better and better.
My goal is communicate because, as I told you, I don't learn to have a job.
For example, I learn for myself.
So I want to communicate them.
I want to understand better and better, but I don't have to rush.
I don't have to rush.
I think I will be opportunity to communicate, but now I want to listen to a lot, reading a lot, speaking a lot to be more fluent.
When I'm fluent, it will be easier and easier.
It's changed.
So I will try to check it.
Check
For me, it's not a problem.
No problem for me.
And okay.
But 1 voice note or under Yeah.
So thank you for our class, and we will see next week.
Bye
Thank you.
