Oh, okay. I'm back. I'm
very
sorry for being late,
but
what happened, I I missed the bus. I had my, you know, an accident on my way.
You know, someone was killed. I have to I had to call to rescue. No.
No. No. No. It's a joke. It's a joke.
You know, you you know what what people saying?
You know, when they miss the class.
No. No. Sorry. This is
what
what happens, you know, sometimes when you when you have, you know, something out of schedule, which is,
you're
changing
you're changing the regular time. And then,
you know, I slept over. That's that's
something
yeah. I overslept. So
so,
you know, it happens, you know, maybe few times a year, but it it always happens when you have, you know, something,
you know, in
something something
early,
but
not
regular.
Beautiful weekend
in the mountains,
skiing.
You know, that that's, you know, cross country again and the
the same
place.
Not not exactly every weekend, but,
this was my first time this winter.
So, so every second weekend.
And,
yeah, the the the this is why I'm going there because because
this is kind of unique, year that, we can follow the shoulder.
Last
year.
Yeah.
Last year, there was no snow at all, and I I never been skiing, last year. So
that that was you
know, I missed the first the the first, window in December, And there was only 1 weekend with the snow,
early
December.
And then there was no snow.
No snow.
It it's I think I don't remember, it happening earlier. So
they do a safe time. There was no snow in the winter.
But this time is is much better, and it was snowing every day,
all
time.
So
No. No. It's
it's pretty close.
NICE, it's just on the Seacoast. So
it it it it it always, that they have different climate and
then, most
of the products. So so because because c is, moderated climate. So it's always less, harsh than than, the continental 1, which we have, in east part of of of Poland.
So they have, more lanes and, sometimes, at least, there there is a legend. And, it probably happened that there you you you might be remember. III think III told, told you about the Swedish flood of a Poland.
It was it was in the in, in the in the 16, I think, 48.
So
far back,
long ago. And there was invasions of Swedish army to to Poland. And actually, this was very unfortunate because
