Poland was engaged, in Turkish war Turkish
war far
east.
It's say again?
In the in the Turkish world, far far far far east, on the Ukraine at the moment.
And, actually and we we we we were not not beaten, but it was very, very, very
demanding demanding
work. It
would this was the the this was like, you know, the the Turkish Osman army was very strong at that moment.
Also, Russian army, was against Poland, etcetera. So so this was, like, very demanding for
for the country. And, sweet, sweets, use it because they use the moment. Right? And they
and they invaded, to to Poland and, you know, how sweet Sweden. Sweden is across the the the
Baltic
Sea. So it is not
I mean, it is not far, because but it's a small 1, but still, you you need, you know, possibility to to move the the big army. And
they
they
they they had they had that that at that time, they had some ships, but,
they did votes. But, but also, they invited through the ice, icy Baltic.
So and that at that time, the the the the this was called, I I think, some something something that the the the sixteens, sixteens hundred,
it was so called, small IC, period, in
Europe.
So it was more colder than than, it used to be. And, that that's why Baltic see, sometimes, at least at least the east part of Baltic Sea was covered by ice.
So
so, you know, now it's very different.
And I I remember even from my childhood that, certain, that that that that, you know, on on the far east of Baltic, there are certain gulfs, like, Finns gulfs or like,
Finnish gulf and, and this Finnish Gulf thing always, iced, practically fully iced, in the winter.
IIII don't think it is iced at the moment because of climate change. So
so
and
that
that's why the ice has some difficulty with
snow because
because, there there might be a snowfall, but it is short. The the snow is usually is not, staying long.
So
Actually actually, it's moving at the moment in
Warsaw.
The
snow is
not
very
big 1.
You know, the the the the snow is not very big. It's, very lightly white
outside.
So
so
and and
but
but but
it
is snowing it it it was snowing, like, whole week.
So but
but very very very likely. So
