We we we already tested it. And, I mean, I'm I'm hundred percent I mean, if I would be Ukraine, I
would say, fuck off, Trump. Right? Okay. You you you don't want help us? We'll rejoin Russia.
This will be my answer. This will be
my ans
because because it would be even worse for for Ukraine,
to to have such friend, quote, unquote friend, colonial colonialistic friend rather than than rejoining Russia. Because
whatever we're saying and whatever whatever is the the building of nationality, you know, as far the culture thing, it's much closer to Russia
than
than stupid Trump. Right?
They may have some dreams to join democratic, community, but they are far away from democratic community
In
their
in their laws, in their policy, in their habits. They they are you know, I'm I'm I'm not saying anything bad because because, you know, every every country, every nationality, have their own habits, their own tradition,
I
don't know.
Yes. Yeah. Has their own, habits, tradition, experiences, etcetera. Right? But but, you know, this is the you know, there is huge work ahead Ukraine to do to really build build a stable democracy.
I'm saying it because because I I we we tested it in Poland
every day.
You know, we had maybe 1 third of these difficulties at the beginning in the nineties. Right?
And I know how difficult it is
to reestablish or build new democracy, you know, to to to make it stable. Right?
And, I mean, you you have to be very focused to not to lose the democracy. And, so so so, you know, I'm I'm very happy. I'm very gracious to to to Ukraine to Ukraine
people.
Very
grateful that that they they they the majority of them at least have this dream to join the the Western Europe, to
to to join, you
know.
But but if Western Europe is giving him them, the big fuck, And if Trump is giving them big fuck, they will change their mind instantly.
You will
see. You will
see. There will be Russia in in in in 1 or 2 years.
Because they say, okay. If we have no support, if nobody care about us, right, I mean, why we should die? I
mean, what what what what is the reason? I mean, they they simply don't want us, right,
in their community.
I think that his last chance is, and I I don't know whether you heard what, what Trump, told about Zelensky, I I think somewhere in Florida.
Yeah.
She
it
said
that Zelensky is dicta dictator
without any ground in, election
and
actually nobody supports him, in in Ukraine.
This is just Russian propaganda. He
he's so stupid that it is even, you know, out of comment. Right?
I mean,
so so, you know, okay. I mean, I mean, first of all, in no country, you have election, during
