War. Right?
Regular
hot war. Right? Even in Poland, we had this big problem because because of pandemia, and
this was, this was under regulations of, limited freedom And, at at the the the the the the the at that time, the supposed to be presidential election. And there was a big problem,
big, big problem, you know, how to do it, in democratic way. And, it it was, by law forbidden to do it during the any freedom, you know, any under regulation of freedom, limitations. Right? So now by the way, now there is a a big big political affair because because, the government at that time decided that there will be, like, elections through the, correspondence, through the mails mail. Right?
And,
but but it is forbidden important that that this this cannot be done,
especially in the way they they propose that they the post offices will be the election offices.
So so it was forbidden now. This is a fear, of bigger political affair. But but, but, yes, I mean, the the elections was moved for few
months.
Well,
the election was was moved for few months, after the window of of pandemic
pandemic.
So so so, you know, III mean, how we can say that, you know, that that that there was no that there is election missing. I mean and what happen if there is election? I mean, first of all, 1 third or 1 fourth part of Ukraine cannot vote because it is under control of Russia. Right?
And it is not stabilized and, and how how we can I mean, how we can do it? How we can do it in a, like, big cities like Kharkov on a on a front line? Right? I mean, I it's so stupid. I mean, he's he's popular he's simply insane.
Right?
It's more dangerous man. Right? On other hand, he can he can stop war immediately. Just stop sending military equipment to Ukraine and and that
that's it.
Because Europe is
so spread over. It's I mean, these people are insane in different way. I
mean, they they maybe have
some good intentions,
but but but they are like children. I mean, they they they cannot decide anything. I mean, why, oh, we will send our our boys and they will die. I mean,
it could not happen.
Right?
I mean, what we we have no I mean, like, what what what what is with, Reinhold, Reinhold?
Is it Reinhold? It's what whatever whatever the big film in in, the big concern in in, in in Germany, the military program.
They they
they do the tanks and other
heavy military equipment. The the production is, like, few times a year.
Yeah.
If you compare if you compare to Russia, they they just moved they they they always had this policy that, you know, the backup production is in Siberia far, far away from from the potential frontline. Right?
And and
they're doing it in hundreds at the
moment.
Of course.
It is a wall of steel, and this thing, you know, steel is winning. I
mean, I mean, you you may have, you know, simple simple, the I'm not the I'm not sure how what what is the English word, the the the the the big gun. Right? The the
I I
right? The the simple artillery is
because pick
second.
No.
No.
I'm
saying about this this, you know, artillery.
