GANS. Right? The
the big 1. The
the big 1.
If you get
what what
what I mean? The the
this is but but the the the use it the the the Russian use the artillery from second World War.
It
is
still
operational,
and
it's
killing people. It's killing people. It
it I mean, you really don't need very sophisticated, very expensive, and not and, you know, and you have to train people for for this new planes for years to use it. Right?
I mean, it's it's insane because you you you need you need simple planes, you know, in thousands, in
hundreds. Just just then okay. You're losing people. You're losing equipment. But on the end, you're winning.
If
you don't have it,
at the
end,
you're winning. Right?
If you don't have this mass because, you know, nobody's, for for for for, you know, like, Nobody in Europe and nobody in, actually, in in, in in the US is focusing on that that that if you have massive war, like, in Ukraine at the moment this is the first 1, first massive war after the second World War, actually.
Because all the other words like Afghanistan, whether this was Russia, whether this was, the the
US, whether this was Syria, whether this was Libya, whether this was Mali or whatever what are African countries. Right? This, just, you know, partisan world.
Most of these, rebel or whatever whatever, partisans, they have only light equipment, like, just manic they have
no heavy equipment in in, in in frontline, in stake,
and
in
on the frontline.
In in Russia, you have massive heavy equipment
and
no military NATO plans or whatever how how we call it. Like, the the the tactics is,
yeah, is really focused and prepared to massive war to
to war
like
it was,
Yeah. For massive war, like like it was in sec during the the second World War. Right? That's right. There'd been millions of people fighting, against each other.
Right? This is, like, you know, huge change. The the this it's changing everything. Everything. Right?
Because
because you you you can, you know, you can say, oh, I'm big guy because I have this technology, and I can kill hundreds of these partisans and look, we we we lose nobody. We
lost nobody.
Right?
No. We we we lost no 1. Right? Oh, we are heroes. We how big we are, we we beat these partisans.
You
know, they they have only machine guns and and we have, you know, f 16
or f 35 or whatever whatever f we have. And we have all the this how big we are. We have this, Hamway, heavy whatever whatever car.
Oh, we
we
got
it.
I
I saw this stupid film. Not stupid. It's not stupid because it's tragic. But but, just recently, I opened on on Netflix. It was, like, 13 hours or something.
To, you know, this propaganda you you the the US propaganda film, like, about heroes in Libya. They they've been fighting against Libyan, partisans
at
the wall, and they've been protecting, protecting,
the
the
yeah.
It's based on or something.
You know? And there was, like, 6 6 guys, you know, heavy armed, and
they've been, you know, big big, you know, big big guys, with with with a gun.
