Right? Yeah. I mean, all this all this fine. Maybe maybe even they survived. Maybe they killed maybe 30 or 50 people, and
only 2 of them died, or been killed. Right?
But but, I mean, they've been fighting. The the trained soldiers been
tried fighting, protecting themselves, which, means, you are on on, on a much better position. Right? If if you're protecting, if you defend, if you are, in defense, you you are much stronger. You you need less manpower,
right, than than if you act out. So so maybe there was, like, they they they they they lost 2 men, and this rebel lost maybe 50 or hundred men, right,
lying
on the ground. Right? But but, I mean, oh, how how big heroes they are. Right?
I I tell you
I
I tell
you about this, you know, this difference because I I actually, I read, some book about management, and, it happens that this book was, written by I don't remember whether what what ranch was it was, but but, the the the US soldier, the the marines. Right?
But it was generally about how to manage, a group of people.
Right?
You know, all they're saying is is really interesting and probably fun because they they they converting their experiences from, leading the troops, to to, right, to the
business. How how how they, you know, how they experience in leading troops, can help in in leading, employees. Right? And it was interesting, you know, how well organized, you know, marine's groups, how they communicate, how they cooperate, how they
do certain thing. All this fine. All all this is really interesting. It's it it it, you know, it's it's a category it might be. Right?
Because if if you're under the fire the really, gunfire, the heavy gunfire, massive gunfire, all these very sophisticated, tricks are useless are useless because you are the rat. You are you are digging in the in the deep in the ground, and you covering yourself. You're trying to move out from the should line.
What's
the
story?
End of story. This is end of the world. This is this is everything what you do on the phone line.
Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. And all these stupid things. So how well we organize.
Look. We've been under shot fire. There was like 10:10 partisans shooting to us. Okay. Yes.
That's alright. I mean, that's that's very brave. This is what what people are doing, but this is only police methods.
It it not the the military. It's not the frontline methods.
Right?
It it was III heard some reports from from, Ukrainian guys. Right? They say they'd say, okay. We we we did the NATO training. It's useless.
It's
useless.
Because how we can you know, the the this is first of all, it based on the superpower, intelligence.
Right?
