No. The AWACS, AWACS, planes, having control over over the over the all, you know, the enemy equipment.
You you have control in a in a in a air, like, having a lot of planes flying and supporting the the troops on the ground.
You you have, you know, very distance, artillery, shooting shooting, the the the the the the the, the enemy equipment. And they're just watching. And
they have on the front line.
Right? They
they have all these helicopters flying cover you know, they they can fly over. You know, why why this is this is funny because, I'm sometimes I'm I'm looking for statistics with
what equipment was, destroyed in in,
on a on a frontline. Practically, no helicopter was destroyed.
Why? Because no helicopter is flying.
If you
have no cover by by all this intelligence, by all this, you know, air control, by by by all this, you know, f 16 or whatever,
you you cannot fly with with helicopters because you will be shot in a minute.
You
got you you know, all these helicopters would cost millions, are useless. Like, all this all all all this experience from, from Vietnam is useless because now you have the, handy shot fire, which can kill helicopter in a second.
Right?
I
mean, you know, it it's you you have drones which can call which can call kill helicopters in a second.
You know, all these all these methods, all these NATO methods are based on far far history,
experience.
All the all, you know, at all, useless on the on any
current
from
all data. Yeah. So so, you know, how you can say and, you know, Europe is missing the big opportunity to train their their troops
in the modern, modern frontline.
They they they learned anything. They they really learned nothing. Right? Yeah. Like France, like, Great Britain is maybe, you know, a little more active, but,
but still far, far away from, from the needs. Right? Like, Denmark, for example, which is kind of the, star, you know, sending a lot of equipment, compared to to the, to the possibilities.
Right?
But, again, I mean, this is this is all about all about training, all about experience. How you can get experience if you have no troops? No I mean, nobody who is really on the front line.
Right?
Not even not not not even observers who can train, further train the the troop. Right? Well,
you probably heard what happened with, with, North Korean troops. Right?
Yeah. But but but they've been killed in the first week almost
to 90 percent
Because they because they've been trained to different world. They've been trained to different way. They they be, you know, they they they been trained to front attack. So they they they've been, like, you know, like, during the second world war, they've been like, running
with the with
the frontline
on open field.
Right?
It's simply, you know, they they they really don't care about, people's lives.
