But,
you know,
if you're sending
troops without any training, they they already knew that, that the North Korean training is is, outdated. Right? But nobody even tries to train them before
they they they they they come to the front line. Right?
So,
and this this was only propaganda. And and, you know, in in North Korea, if you lose 10000 people, nothing happen even better because the anger is less. Right?
Yeah. I mean, it's
it's
it's like this. I mean, it I I can I have no other explanation? Right? Absolutely. These people don't care about people's life.
Right?
Right.
There was a picture, some, the I think, our president, was in, in Washington, during the first first cadence currency of Trump.
Is that
cadence?
Candid so so, you know, when when when Trump was first, the the president and
there was
Tom. Tom. Yeah. Yeah. Tom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. So so, and that that, it is only only, in in the oval
room,
oval oval office, and Tammy sitting by the desk. And our president standing just, close to him
and
signing
something standing.
This was very, very heavily criticized that, I mean, on 1 hand, okay, it first time happened that somebody, some foreign president, is invited to our,
office
because
because, you know, the official meetings are somewhere else. I don't know where. But so all this was like, oh, I'm in heaven, like, you know, being a president, friend best friend of Trump. On other hand, it was criticizing Poland because this is disrespect for other president that 1 is sitting, the other is standing. Right?
Right? The the the the in in diplomat, it it it cannot it can never happen. Right?
It might be might be if you have close friend, at home, you can do whatever. Right? But but it's it's disrespect. It it's it's it's disrespect for for for 1 who is standing. Right?
Just imagine. I mean, even even if if you're at work, you know, you're sitting and your boss is standing. Right?
You you always stand up. Right?
Trump was sitting. Other president was standing. Right?
But
but by by by his desk. So so yeah. I mean, our president is saying, yes. We are best friends with Trump. I don't think Trump recognized him at all.
He
understands
that. Okay. Oh, maybe there was some guy. I I
don't he was
good guy. Good guy. Good guy.
Oh, no.
He
he's
he's
on the second time,
at the moment, so so he he cannot candidate. No. No. I I think, you know, the this is
