Very interesting political situation because they as always, we have this called democratic coalition, and they they have a very strong candidate who is, the president of, a mayor of Warsaw at the moment. And he's he's a very nice guy, and probably, he he he could be good president.
I will vote. I will vote for him anyway.
But, you know, on the PIS, they they they did a trick that they didn't that they don't have the their own candidate. And instead, they support, someone who is called the citizens candidate. So he he was formally promoted by by just, you know, small organization of of
people. Right?
But it is, you know, heavily supported. He's heavily supported by PIS.
He is not very well, known guy, but
he is leading kind of, national national memorial, institute institute, which is kind of historical and fighting for or or maybe protecting the good, good name of Poland.
But
he's very he he's very right, right wing guy, very conservative, very nationalistic, or chauvinistic even, I would say. So, I mean, he is not very nice
for me,
at least.
There is a third guy. The the the the the the the the the there is, conservative party in Poland and
the new new body, I would say, which was, the the they they supposed to be the the rising star during, last election, which was 2 years ago. They even reached, like, maybe 15, maybe 17 percent, but they collapsed and, end up with 5 percent of support. Now they have they they have, a young guy. This is conservative party. They they have young guy who is who is really doing good job, in this presidential election, because he is reaching, 15 percent at the moment.
So so he's actually very I mean, he's getting closer and closer to to to this PIS guy. And, actually, this is kind of the, do do do you call it, white horse? Is it Black
horse.
No.
Black horse.
That that
horse. Right? Of elections. So he he may change a lot in the election because because, you know, if if the the the the support for for democratic, candidate is strong, but it is not sufficient to win in the first
turn,
first round. And, there will be second round, and, it it is it is almost hundred percent sure that in second round, he's winning with, with PIS guy,
but and very significantly.
However, if in second round, there will be this guy, the conservative guy, it is not as clear whether, you know, who will be winning.
Even
even he's he has much less at the moment in the in the in the first round than the PIS guy.
So this might be, you know, this might be interesting, but the the bad bad thing is that, if this, if this, conservative guy win, it will be bad news for Paul.
It will be
I mean, actually, everyone who everyone else than the democratic candidate, is a very bad news for
Paul.
