Hi.
Hello?
Hey. Great. Great. I'm doing great. And you?
How are you?
Okay.
Could you repeat?
Because I
the weather the the weather is great. It has it has improved because in the during the winter, it was it was was very cold. Yeah? Very cold. Now it it improved.
So so I'm happy because we have a sunny day.
Yeah.
I choose this one. Mhmm.
I thought that it would be very interesting to
to
to speak.
Okay. One moment,
please. How notifications hurt your concentration?
Constant digital constant constant digital notifications, emails, news outlets, and text messages from friends are a come are are a common distraction when we are trying to work or study. In fact, getting a single smartphone notification could disrupt your concentration for around seven seconds. That's according to a recent study published in computers in human behavior in which
behavior behavior in which 118 university students were split into three groups to take part in Stroop takes tasks tasks tasks. During Stroop tasks, participations are shown the word for a color, but the font will be in a different color. For example, they will see the word green but written in red letters.
But written but written in red letters but written in red letters. Participate participants have to name the color of the letters while ignoring the word they spell, which takes mental effort and becomes more difficult if they lose
focus. Becomes becomes and becomes more difficult if they lose focus. For the for this experiment for this experiment, the researchers set up these true tasks, on a computer with an interface that, looked like an iPhone. As they did the tasks, participate participants would occasionally see notifications from
their
occasionally occasionally. They would occasionally see notifications from their most used phones phone apps appear on their computer screen.
One group was told that their smartphones were actually signed signed signed the
computer.
How? Is it?
Synced.
Synced. Okay. Synced to the computer. One group was told that their smartphones were actually synced to the computer. So they believed that the notifications they got on the computer were real and personal.
The next group was told that any notification they saw were for someone else.
And the last group's notifications were blurred, so they would see a pop out pop up, but couldn't read any information. The researchers found that just one notification of any type could slow down a participant's cognitive processing for around seven seconds, slowing the action time on the stroke tasks. But the effect was particularly strong among those who fought fought. They were they were
seeing
fought fought. Who those who fought, they were seeing notifications from their own phone. And the more they wanted to check a notification and the stronger the emotional response, the more, the more, their reaction time was delayed. Seven
sec might not seem like a lot. However, Hippologt Fournier, one of the study authors told CPOST, Even short disruption when repeated dose dozens or hundreds of time per day may meaningfully affect concentration and
