Yeah. Mhmm.
Activity.
Good activity.
I I thought that it would be great to discuss because in the world that we are living now, there are a lot of notifications. There are a lot of disruptions that we can encounter, and and it would be great if we were more conscious about it because because it can cause a lot of
it can it can cause it can cause a lot of issues when it comes to being present, yeah, in in in our lives.
I would say that I don't get interrupted by notifications because a few years ago, I turned out turned off my notifications. So I I saw when I was younger that it was causing a lot of problems when
it comes
causing when it was causing a lot of problems when it comes to being focused on my tasks.
And I decided to to to turn off every notification from my phone. So I don't get any notification. I my phone, when I I'm receiving a call, my phone can zip. No. It can, yeah, sort out sort out.
So I I will notice it, but I consider that when I get called
Vibrate
or vibrate. Vibrate. Yeah. Vibrate. So but but but I I find it great because I consider that when I get a call, it's probably something more important that any notification from Facebook, from from Instagram.
So so I I did it, and I if I if I could get back in time, I I didn't check anything. I think it helped me a lot when it comes to being concentrated, but it's not that now I'm concentrated what in 100%. I'm struggling with it sometimes, but it helped me a lot, I think.
In sense that sometimes, for example, when I know that that I will get informations about about import situations that are important in my life, and I and I'm looking forward I'm looking forward to it. I I used to I used to scroll my phone. So, like, searching notifications sometimes. So I it's it has shown me that I still need to improve. But as I told you, this situation helped me a lot that I turn off my notifications.
It's one step to to achieve my goal, let's say, if it is a goal. Yeah?
When I started to to get off my notifications, I felt this this sensation this sensation
of of of losing something. But I but now I consider that if something is really important something is really important, someone will will get to me. Yeah?
But
we'll contact yeah. But but when what we nowadays, we have a lot of notifications about
