Use or situations that's that are not so important. Yes? So the world creates a lot of informations that that are that are that are unnecessary to to our lives. So
if I if I could eliminate if I could get off, let's say, 40% of this type of information, I think it was a great choice. Yeah.
It's difficult to to to say, but one hour, two hours, it depends on day because because I've never thought about it. But now I use my phone, first of all, to to get more informations about language learning. For
example,
I
Information. To get more information. To get more information about what I really need, and I think I because of that I I don't lose time that I would lose if I reinstall notifications. You know?
I don't know. I turned out my notifications, like, five or six years ago, and I've never thought about about coming back. Yeah? So so if it's not necessary, I don't consider it. If in the future, it is necessary, I will turn on my notifications.
But in this moment, I I have not encountered any reason to to to return. Yeah?
So I've been using it or I've been not using it for, like, say, six six years. And and I wish it could it could go ahead. Yeah?
I use first of all, I use Twitter. It is named, like, now how can
we do not
x x.
So if I try to I try I try to I try to be conscious about it and don't use a lot of of Twitter. But I know I noticed that if I have a free time and I don't have and I I do have not nothing to do, I I something start to to use Twitter. And if you are you can you can get lost in this, you know, using it,
reading for forty minutes, one hour, and it don't help you at the end. Yeah?
It
does it doesn't it doesn't help you. It doesn't help you at the end.
I think I can focus the best after waking up. Yeah? I'm more focused
mhmm. Because in the night, for example, I can focus because I noticed that sometimes I I learn languages, for example, and I can be concentrated. But but for me, it's it's more easy to do it.
It's
easy. It's easier. Yeah. Easier to do it during the morning. K?
