Hi.
Hello?
Hey.
Great.
I'm doing great.
And you?
How are you?
Okay.
Could you repeat?
Because I the weather is great.
It has improved because in the during the winter, it was very cold.
Yeah?
Very cold.
Now it improved.
So I'm happy because we have a sunny day.
I choose this one.
Mhmm.
I thought that it would be very interesting to speak.
One moment, please.
How notifications hurt your concentration?
Constant digital notifications, emails, news outlets, and text messages from friends are a come are a common distraction when we are trying to work or study.
In fact, getting a single smartphone notification could disrupt your concentration for around seven seconds.
That's according to a recent study published in computers in human behavior in which 118 university students were split into three groups to take part in Stroop takes tasks
During Stroop tasks, participations are shown the word for a color, but the font will be in a different color.
For example, they will see the word green but written in red letters.
But written in red letters
Participate participants have to name the color of the letters while ignoring the word they spell, which takes mental effort and becomes more difficult if they lose focus.
Becomes and becomes more difficult if they lose focus.
For the for this experiment the researchers set up these true tasks, on a computer with an interface that, looked like an iPhone.
As they did the tasks, participate participants would occasionally see notifications from their occasionally
They would occasionally see notifications from their most used phones phone apps appear on their computer screen.
One group was told that their smartphones were actually signed the computer.
How?
Is it?
Synced.
Synced to the computer.
One group was told that their smartphones were actually synced to the computer.
So they believed that the notifications they got on the computer were real and personal.
The next group was told that any notification they saw were for someone else.
And the last group's notifications were blurred, so they would see a pop out pop up, but couldn't read any information.
The researchers found that just one notification of any type could slow down a participant's cognitive processing for around seven seconds, slowing the action time on the stroke tasks.
But the effect was particularly strong among those who fought
They were seeing fought
Who those who fought, they were seeing notifications from their own phone.
And the more they wanted to check a notification and the stronger the emotional response, the more, their reaction time was delayed.
Seven sec might not seem like a lot.
However, Hippologt Fournier, one of the study authors told CPOST, Even short disruption when repeated dose dozens or hundreds of time per day may meaningfully affect concentration
and
Activity.
Good activity.
I thought that it would be great to discuss because in the world that we are living now, there are a lot of notifications.
There are a lot of disruptions that we can encounter, and it would be great if we were more conscious about it because it can cause a lot of issues when it comes to being present,
yeah, in our lives.
I would say that I don't get interrupted by notifications because a few years ago, I turned out turned off my notifications.
So I saw when I was younger that it was causing a lot of problems when it comes causing when it was causing a lot of problems when it comes to being focused on my tasks.
And I decided to turn off every notification from my phone.
So I don't get any notification.
I my phone, when I I'm receiving a call, my phone can zip.
No.
It can, yeah, sort out
So I will notice it, but I consider that when I get called Vibrate or vibrate.
Vibrate.
So
but
but I find it great because I consider that when I get a call, it's probably something more important that any notification from Facebook, from Instagram.
So I did it, and I if I could get back in time, I didn't check anything.
I think it helped me a lot when it comes to being concentrated, but it's not that now I'm concentrated what in 100%.
I'm struggling with it sometimes, but it helped me a lot, I think.
In sense that sometimes, for example, when I know that I will get informations about import situations that are important in my life, and I and I'm looking forward to it.
I used to scroll my phone.
So, like, searching notifications sometimes.
So I it's it has shown me that I still need to improve.
But as I told you, this situation helped me a lot that I turn off my notifications.
It's one step to achieve my goal, let's say, if it is a goal.
When I started to get off my notifications, I felt this sensation of losing something.
But I but now I consider that if something is really important someone will get to me.
But we'll contact
But when what we nowadays, we have a lot of notifications about Use or situations that's that are not so important.
Yes?
So the world creates a lot of informations that are unnecessary to our lives.
So if I could eliminate if I could get off, let's say, 40% of this type of information, I think it was a great choice.
It's difficult to say, but one hour, two hours, it depends on day because I've never thought about it.
But now I use my phone, first of all, to get more informations about language learning.
For example, I Information.
To get more information.
To get more information about what I really need, and I think I because of that I don't lose time that I would lose if I reinstall notifications.
You know?
I don't know.
I turned out my notifications, like, five or six years ago, and I've never thought about coming back.
So if it's not necessary, I don't consider it.
If in the future, it is necessary, I will turn on my notifications.
But in this moment, I have not encountered any reason to return.
So I've been using it or I've been not using it for, like, say, six years.
And I wish it could go ahead.
I use first of all, I use Twitter.
It is named, like, now how can we do not x
So if I try to be conscious about it and don't use a lot of Twitter.
But I know I noticed that if I have a free time and I don't have
and I do have not nothing to do, I something start to use Twitter.
And if you are you can get lost in this, you know, using it, reading for forty minutes, one hour, and it don't help you at the end.
It does it doesn't help you.
It doesn't help you at the end.
I think I can focus the best after waking up.
I'm more focused mhmm.
Because in the night, for example, I can focus because I noticed that sometimes I learn languages, for example, and I can be concentrated.
But for me, it's more easy to do it.
It's easy.
It's easier.
Easier to do it during the morning.
K?
Then I don't because when I working now I'm working from home.
So I have a lot of frames in my when I have both spare time and the time in which I need to work.
So it depends on the situation.
It doesn't depend only on my planifications, but I try to be concentrated when I need to work.
And if I have a spare time to do something different, I used to not use a lot of applications to waste time.
For me, sometimes it's hard and sometimes doesn't in sense that it isn't.
It isn't.
It's and sometimes it isn't in sense that when I sometimes I need to use Excel,
yeah, as a program when it's very
it's not very demanding, but and it's not very complicated, but you need to be concentrated, be focused on what you write,
yeah, what you put generally.
And if I'm disrupted by not only by notifications, but by every situation, I need like, four, five minutes to get back and be really concentrated as if, you know, as if I wasn't disrupted completely.
Because if you see I
I guess that if you see that it's that someone called you during the class, you notice it and you thinking about you are thinking about it during having a class, having a lesson.
And it even if you don't want, it can disrupt.
Happens automatically.
I have.
For example, I remember that when I was at school and I was supposed to pass an exam, for example, I remember that I felt that in my pocket, my phone was you know, was vibrating.
Was vibrating.
And even this sensation, it cows that I was thinking about it because I couldn't check out who was calling to me.
So I was disruptive
And in this moment, I need to be concentrated because it was a very complicated exam, and I lost, like five or ten minutes and it max, if I'm not wrong.
So I've never been good at yeah.
So to pass every maths exam, I needed to be very concentrated, very prepared, and with every disruption that's occurs
At the end of the day, it was impossible to pass this exam because of a lot of distractions.
So it's a it has showed me that you need to be that even a small signal can straight things down.
Or can no.
Can yeah.
Can no.
Can cause problems.
Oh, mixed everything up.
And in Poland, in this now we received a lot of calls from not thieves, but you know, people who has received your number and try scammer
oh, scammers.
Scammers from banks that they say that they are working in a bank and your account has lost everything.
You need to help them to giving them your password and everything.
And so we received a lot of calls.
So now if I see a call from a number that I don't know, I don't
Because I consider that if someone wants to contact with me, he will probably give me a message if I don't respond, you know.
And if it's a scam, they don't.
Messages from my phone, like, not from Facebook, for example,
I use in Poland, we use we tend to use more messenger from Facebook than WhatsApp.
WhatsApp exists, but it's not as popular.
I don't know the reason.
I don't we started, like, ten or fifteen years ago with Facebook, and people was get used to.
People how can I say?
I got used to.
People got used to, and now I noticed that, for example, in Spain or Italy, people use, primarily, WhatsApp in Ukraine or Russia.
Primarily.
Primary.
In Ukraine or Russia Diagram.
They use in Poland, people use messenger from Facebook and say, I have both WhatsApp and Telegram, but I converse with five, six people regularly.
Regularly.
And in your country, what peep do people use messenger or what's I don't see I'm not I don't know because when I was at school, I didn't receive a lot of lessons about this problem.
I don't know if it has changed.
At the time, people didn't think it's a problem.
Now it should have changed, I guess.
But it depends on the education because if education is aware of this, I think they will teach people how to be more aware, yeah, of it because it's not only about all their people that's don't get used to this type of app.
I I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I have it.
I have it in our chat.
Adjust.
Now I know.
Adjust is like adjust to a new
Adjustment.
I know it now.
It's Yeah.
As I told you, the notifications now are not with me, so they couldn't disrupt any important meeting.
But as I told you about my school journey school exam when I was supposed to pass it to being concentrated, and I couldn't because of the disruption.
It caused a lot of problems.
But if I used notifications now, it would be possible to disrupt me because I saw it in the future, but I was younger.
I was at school.
I didn't work.
So let's say that I didn't have any oblique any important meetings, obligations, you know.
So even if it had happened, it would it wouldn't have this cost problems, you know.
The premier First of all, it would be my phone because I get a lot of informations via my phone.
I don't use my laptop out of my work and out of my language learning.
Right now, I use laptop, but I'm not a person who like, for example, playing games.
So I don't use my laptop out of my obligations.
it's I don't have I have my personal lap laptop.
Now I'm using it, and I'm laptop from my job to work.
So I have two laptops, but my personal laptop is used practically only to Preply, yeah, in this moment.
For Preply.
In this moment.
Because as I told you, I don't play a lot of games.
So no.
I don't think it's a waste of time at all.
If someone like, likes it, can be funny.
Like, for me, let learning playing with this is funny.
But I've never been a person who liked playing games.
It's was not my passion.
But I don't think it's a waste of time if someone need if someone needs one or two hours per day to relax.
Because can it can
It can back up become
It can become it can be it becomes very problematic if you play during the night and you don't sleep and you it cow it can cause more problem in your life.
I think so because I have read a lot of investigations when investigate when investigators burst out this opinion because it was shown, I think, that we are more disrupted.
And even, for example, if we read a book if you read a book via your laptop or your smartphone, it's not the same if we if you use a book.
A book like so it's it shows that our disruptions, whether do we use application, whether or not, has caused a lot of changes in the recent years.
We've been living with It's not in short area.
TikTok you know, I saw one investigation or I had one opinion about TikTok that's comparing it to YouTube.
In YouTube, you have you On YouTube.
On you on YouTube, you have both videos one hours videos, one minute videos.
But in YouTube, you are on YouTube.
On YouTube.
On YouTube, you are supposed to choose what you want to watch.
And on tick on TikTok.
On TikTok, the algorithm decides.
So you are more lazy, let's say, when it comes to choose.
So it cause more problems when it comes to your attention.
And I don't like this type of videos that's It is too short for me.
Like you know, not and they put a lot of information because they need to speak faster.
It's a lot of noise for me.
I've never been a fan of TikTok.
Algorithm the algorithm give you more information that you would like to receive, not
so it's it is adjusted.
It is adjusted to your life.
It don't it doesn't help when it comes to sync wider.
Sync wider
I would say that I'm a very disciplined person when it comes to things that really matter for me.
For example, I don't know.
I like doing sport.
I like doing sport, and I try to do it every day to maintain my level of consistence.
When it comes to learning languages, I try to do it every day, and it's about discipline.
But if I don't like and I don't like something
and I must to do it, depends.
Must do it.
I must do it.
And I must do it.
It depends of importance of this stuff.
But I would consider myself as a small discipline person than but not.
I've when was younger when I was younger, I had more.
Now I have people that I like to upset, but I wouldn't say that I have an I idols.
Idols.
Idol.
Because I like watching a lot of people, for example, or seeing, but it's not about being fascinated.
Fascinate.
Fascinating.
Being fascinated.
So and to in your case, do you have anyone who really like?
It's true.
I would agree that we have an image of our idols that's it's only what they can show.
So it's not about that as a human beings, they both.
They
oh, okay.
so I would agree with you in this point.
I remember that when I was, like, 14, 15, I wasn't as disciplined as I'm now.
It's it was because of being teenager, I think.
Because when we are teenagers, we tend to have a lot of changes in a short terms of time.
It's more disrupted, I would say.
It's so
so it's not natural, I think, but I had moments in which I was more disciplined and less.
So it was in constantly changing.
It was.
Constant change.
It was in
I will tell you.
So after you Okay.
It's very curious because we even don't notice this change
and it's think I think
so because it is natural that you don't think about it.
And overnight, you change your ideas even, you know when you are, yeah, when you are older, it's not the same style because we tend to think about every decision that we make.
So when we are tried, we not we when we're it's not that we don't think, but we don't consider any consequences, I would say, and see.
Got it.
Well, I was the active one when I was very young.
I was playing a lot with my friends, so
I spend I was spending a lot of time out of my house with my friends playing.
So you know, in my village, in my small village when I live, so I have where I live
So I have, like, five, six friends, and we were playing them.
But I don't remember exactly how old I was, but was I?
But I was.
I was.
I also as you started to put more efforts on education or on learning something, but I was I don't remember exactly, but I would say 16 15 or 16.
I was older.
I was not a child, like, ten years.
So but it was it happened without thinking about it as we told.
It's it was a slow process, but a little bit more but natural, I would say.
true.
depends on every family, but it's not for example, that you are 18, like and you are free because there are a lot of people who lives with their parents, for example, it creates deep dependence.
Dependence even if your parents are not as obsessive of being of control you.
So mhmm.
Me too.
And I think it's a very good way of thinking because you don't you can't be good at everything.
And if you choose two or three topics and you're really good at it, can give you more benefits in the future.
Because if you are trying to learn everything, impossible to be good at everything.
You can lose one topic that you would be stronger if you focus on it.
After this, have to end my job because
But one hour
and I will finish everything, and I will do sports.
So I will go out
and we'll see what's that?
Thank Have a good day.
Have a good day.
See you soon.
